All around the world,
people come together
every week at places
of worship called Kingdom Halls.
Have you ever wondered what happens
inside a Kingdom Hall
of Jehovah’s Witnesses?
It’s a place where Bible study programs
and lectures are held each week.
The first time I attended a meeting,
I felt very happy.
The atmosphere was so good;
I’ve never seen
anything like it anywhere else.
The people are loving, orderly,
and show an interest in people.
Every meeting is open to the public.
Seats are free and no
collections are ever taken.
Families are invited
to attend and learn together.
All meetings begin and end
with song and prayer.
One meeting,
usually held on the weekend,
includes a 30-minute
Bible discourse
especially designed
for the general public.
After that, there’s
a question-and-answer discussion
based on an article in the study edition
of the Watchtower magazine.
Participation is always voluntary.
At one of the meetings during the week,
we not only study the Bible
but also receive training
in public speaking.
Everyone is invited
to the Christian meetings,
including those who are not
Jehovah’s Witnesses.
You can go into any Kingdom Hall
and receive the same program
of Bible instruction.
Bible education, upbuilding association,
and the opportunity
to praise God await you
at Christian meetings
of Jehovah’s Witnesses.
To find a Kingdom Hall near you,
please visit the About Us section
and fill in
the congregation meeting search.